I think it was very smooth. We had 109 people out of hundreds of thousands of travelers and all we did was vet those people very, very carefully.
Well, that's not what General Kelly said. General Kelly - who's now Secretary Kelly - he said he totally knew, he was aware of it, and it was very smooth. It was 109 people.
I think it was the worst deal I’ve ever seen negotiated. I think it was a deal that never should have been negotiated -
Absolutely. The deal that was made by the Obama administration. I think it’s a shame that we’ve had a deal like that and that we had to sign a deal like that and there was no reason to do it and if you’re going to do it, have a good deal.
We gave them $1.7 billion in cash, which is unheard of, and we put the money up and we have really nothing to show for it.
We’ll see what happens. We’re going to see what happens. I can say this: They have total disregard for our country. They are the number one terrorist state, they are sending money all over the place, and weapons, and you can’t do that.
I never talk about military moves. I always criticized President Obama with having an announcement that they’re going into Mosul. They give the name, the date the time. I don’t believe in that.
I’m not bullish. I think they have total disrespect for our country and I understand that deal. I would have lived with it if they said “OK, were all together now,” but it’s just the opposite. It’s like they’re emboldened. They follow our planes, they circle our ships with their little boats and they lost respect because they can’t believe anybody could be so stupid as to make a deal like that.
Busy week and a half.
I do respect him but -
Well, I respect a lot of people but that doesn’t mean I’m going to get along with him. He’s a leader of his country. I say it’s better to get along with Russia than not. And if Russia helps us in the fight against ISIS, which is a major fight, and Islamic terrorism all over the world - that’s a good thing. Will I get along with him? I have no idea.
There are a lot of killers. We’ve got a lot of killers. What do you think - our country’s so innocent. You think our country’s so innocent?
Well - take a look at what we’ve done too. We made a lot of mistakes. I’ve been against the war in Iraq from the beginning.
A lot of mistakes, but a lot of people were killed. A lot of killers around, believe me.
We have to do something about the cartels. I did talk to him about it. I want to help him with it. I think he’s a very good man. We have a very good relationship, as you probably know. He seemed very willing to get help from us because he has got a problem, and it’s a real problem for us. Don’t forget those cartels are operating in our country. And they’re poisoning the youth of our country.
I love the people. I really like this administration. I think he’s a good man. We get along very well. But they have problems controlling aspects of their country. There’s no question about it, and I would say the drugs and the drug cartels, No.1.
Well, right now it’s very unfavorable. Right now, we’re losing our jobs to Mexico. You look at the plants, these massive plants. Now I have to tell you, I’ve turned it around already, I’ve turned it around. You see that. Ford has been phenomenal. They cancelled a plant. They’re building tremendous
I don’t know if they’re afraid of me. They wanna do what’s right.
Because the wrong people spoke to them. But they’re gonna do what’s right, and they’re bringing jobs back to Michigan and Ohio and Pennsylvania and all the places that have lost their jobs. That’s already happening. I think you’re gonna see tremendous job growth in this country.
Well, I think it’s ridiculous. Sanctuary cities, as you know, I’m very much opposed to sanctuary cities. They breed crime, there’s a lot of problems. If we have to, we’ll defund. We give tremendous amounts of money to California - California in many ways is out of control, as you know. Obviously the voters agree, otherwise they wouldn’t have voted for me.
Well it’s a weapon. I don’t want to defund a state, a city.
I don’t want to defund anyone. I want to give them the money they need to properly operate as a city or state. If they’re going to have sanctuary cities, we may have to do that. Certainly that would be a weapon.
Many people have come out and said I’m right. You know that.
Let me just tell you. And it doesn’t have to do with the vote, although that’s the end result. It has to do with the registration. And when you look at the registration and you see dead people that have voted, when you see people that are registered in two states that voted in two states, when you see other things, when you see illegals, people that are not citizens, and they’re on the registration rolls. Look, Bill, we can be babies, but you take a look at the registration, you have illegals, you have dead people, you have this. It’s really a bad situation. It’s really bad.
Well, I think I already have. A lot of people have come out and said that I am correct.
Forget that. Forget all of that. Just take a look at the registration, and we’re gonna do it, and I’m gonna set up a commission, to be headed by Vice President Mike Pence, and we’re gonna look at it very, very carefully.
I think so, yes, and I think before the end of the year. I would like to say yes.
In the process, and maybe it’ll take until sometime into next year, but we are certainly gonna be in the process. Very complicated. Obamacare is a disaster. You have to remember, Obamacare doesn’t work. So we are putting in a wonderful plan. It statutorily takes a while to get. We’re gonna be putting it in fairly soon. I think that, yes, I would like to say, by the end of the year, at least the rudiments, but we should have something within the year and the following year.
Well, I must tell you, the other day, I walked into the main entrance of the White House, and I said to myself, “This is sort of amazing.” Or you walk into Air Force One. It’s like a surreal experience, in a certain way, but you have to get over it, because there’s so much work to be done, whether it’s jobs or other nations that truly hate us. You have to get over it.
Well, I like Bob Kraft. I like Coach Belichick, and Tom Brady is my friend.
I know, they’re talking a lot of heat. But you know what? They’re also getting a lot of popularity out of it. I think they’re gonna do very well. Tom’s a winner.
I think the other team is fantastic, though. No, I think it’s a fantastic team. Turned out to be a good quarterback. But you know, there’s less pressure on the Patriots, because they’ve been there. Once you’ve won, once you’ve done it, and they’ve done it, once you’ve done it, there’s a lot less pressure. So we’ll see what happens. But you know, you have to stick up for your friends, right?
I hate to make predictions.
I hate to do it. I don’t even know what are the odds. I guess it’s pretty even, two great teams, pretty even, so I’ll say the Patriots will win.
By eight points.
Shouldn’t be doing those things, but that’s OK.
I need no data on that.
